Motorola DP1400 Portable 
The DP1400 offers an affordable way to go digital. As part of the MOTOTRBO family of radios, the DP1400 has superior audio quality, outstanding coverage, long-lasting battery life and more.

The DP1400 features 32 channels, allowing you to create more targeted communications for the different functions within your workforce.  The radio’s ergonomic design gives users access to all the controls even when wearing gloves, while the two programmable buttons and a wide selection of accessories allow many customisation options for every user.

Product number
DP1400

Key features

Analogue/Digital - Get all the benefits of digital, including better voice quality, better range and better battery life – but retain compatibility with your existing radio fleet while giving yourself the freedom to migrate to the latest technology at your own pace.

Automatic Gain Control - Automatically compensates for changes in voice level, whether you are speaking softly or loudly, turning your head, or moving the microphone further away from your mouth.

Transmit Interrupt Capability - Enables a supervisor to interrupt a DP1400 user to deliver critical communication exactly when and where it’s needed.

Compatible with Radio Management Suite - Program your radios quickly and efficiently, with Motorola Solutions Radio Management tool. Radios can be programmed in batches to a standardised template, giving error-free results and optimised performance.

Dual Capacity Direct Mode - Utilise the power of the 2-slot TDMA DMR standard to increase calling capacity and minimise licensing costs.

Encrypted Communications - Keep your communications from being intercepted and your channels secure with 16-bit encryption.

Lone Worker - DP1400 can help protect those working on their own by regularly prompting the user to press a button on the radio.  If the user does not respond within a specified length of time, a supervisor or dispatcher is notified that there may be a problem.

IP54 Rated - Dustproof and splashproof, so you can work with confidence in challenging environments.
