Motorola MTP8000Ex SERIES
This next generation of TETRA radios represents a significant step forward in mission critical communications designed for end-users who work in areas with potentially explosive gases or chemical vapors, flammable liquids or combustible dust.
 
The MTP8500Ex portable radio delivers powerful features and user benefits, in a form factor that features a limited keypad ideally suited for operation while wearing heavy gloves. Offering innovative features such as top display, t-bar shaped grip and color display, this TETRA ATEX radio is optimized for use without getting in your way. 


The MTP8550Ex portable radio delivers powerful features and user benefits, in a form factor that features a full keypad ideally suited for those users who require features offered by an expanded keyboard. Its ergonomic design enables easy operation by offering innovative features such as top display, t-bar shaped grip and color display. The MTP8550Ex TETRA ATEX radio is optimized for use without getting in your way and designed for operation while wearing protective gloves and equipment

 

Loud and clear audio
The MTP8000Ex Series is optimised for excellent audio performance in all types of noisy environments. Audio through both the speaker and accessories is clearer, even at full volume, and the user can be heard clearly against the loudest background noise.

Rugged design
The MTP8000Ex Series radios are built to work in the toughest and most hazardous environments, in both the cold and wet or the dust and heat, with IP65, IP66 and IP67 ratings.

Advanced ergonomics
The MTP8000Ex Series has been engineered to redefine usability, from the T-Bar profile to the exaggerated control knob, tactile keypad, enlarged emergency button and textured PTT button.

Easier to use
With intuitive user interface, innovative nameplate, large main display and the secondary top display making it easier to see emergency notifications, talk group status or battery condition, the MTP8000Ex Series is designed to be easier to use.

Enhanced coverage
High receiver sensitivity and high transmit power gives the MTP8000Ex Series greater coverage and enhanced in-building performance. For ultimate safety, the radio is fitted with an LED coverage indicator at the base of the antenna, alerting the user when coverage is poor.

Integrated Bluetooth™ 
Secure Bluetooth wireless technology is integrated in to the MTP8000Ex Series, ensuring that a range of wireless accessories and collaborative devices can be securely and reliably paired with the radios.

Extended battery life
With an extended battery life in excess of 16 hours, workers can be confident that the MTP8000Ex Series radios will be ready for a longer shift in the event of emergencies or unplanned situations
