Codan 2110 Manpack
The Patrol 2110 Manpack is a reliable, rugged and secure solution for your portable long distance HF voice and data communications.

With second-generation Digital Voice and rugged smart handset, you have the confidence to communicate anywhere and anytime without the need for existing infrastructure. The Codan Patrol 2110 manpack is extremely light and delivers the lowest power consumption of any available manpack radio, meaning you can operate continuously on a single charge for up to 65 hours.

CODAN PATROL 2110 MANPACK SERIES 

The Codan Patrol 2110 Manpack is a reliable, rugged and secure solution for your portable long-range high frequency (HF) voice and data communications. 

With second-generation Digital Voice and 3G ALE, you have the confidence to communicate quickly and reliably without the need for existing infrastructure. The Patrol Manpack is extremely light and has the lowest power consumption of any available HF manpack, meaning you can operate continuously on a single charge for up to 65 hours. Comfortable to carry and packed with easy-to-use features via the rugged smart handset or front panel, the Patrol 2110 is ideal for all types of terrain and weather conditions, complying with the toughest environmental standards including MIL-STD-810F. 
The Patrol transceiver, handset and battery compartment are made from lightweight alloys and high-impact plastics, both capable of withstanding immersion to a depth of 1m. The Patrol AES-256 or CES-128 encryption options ensure sensitive information can be communicated with confidence. Codan’s 3G ALE option for Patrol enables robust and efficient on-air linking, providing capabilities for quick and reliable voice and data communications, as well as enhanced GPS tracking.
Smart and rugged handset 

Patrol’s smart handset enables remote operation of the Manpack, with all the capability of the front panel now available in the palm of your hand. The handset’s built-in speaker automatically switches to a loud mode when docked in its custom designed cradle meaning calls will be heard when the handset is not being held. It is manufactured from high grade plastic polymers and built for the world’s toughest environments. 
Superior and reliable antennas 

Codan has a reputation for building superior and reliable HF antennas. Our range of tactical antennas for the 2110 Patrol Manpack are no exception and include a lightweight tactical whip antenna, rugged tactical long wire antenna, a broadband antenna kit solution and a dipole antenna kit solution. They provide maximum durability and mobility with quick deployment for short and long range communications.
