Motorola DM1600 Digital Mobile Two-Way Radio
Stay connected with your workers whether they’re delivering cargo, dispatching lorries or driving a bus or tram. The MOTOTRBO™ DM1600 mobile radio (with alphanumeric display) is a reliable, cost-efficient solution to keep your team in contact so they can communicate, coordinate and collaborate for maximum efficiency and safety. The DM1600 is designed for the everyday driver, so you can connect without distraction.

This analogue/digital mobile radio offers all the benefits of the latest technology – from superior audio quality to greater coverage. It’s also compatible with advanced MOTOTRBO™ business-essential features, such as Transmit Interrupt (decode only) to prioritize critical communication. The bright, high-contrast alphanumeric display allows drivers to see important information such as settings and caller ID at a glance.

The analogue-only model of the DM1600 allows you to upgrade to digital with a simple software package when the time is right for you. The DM1600 is easy to use and delivers clear communication for maximum efficiency of your operation.
Key features

Alphanumeric Display - View information such as caller ID, channel number and contacts on a clear, high-contrast alphanumeric display.

Analogue/Digital - Get all the benefits of digital, including better voice quality, better range and better battery life—but retain compatibility with your existing radio fleet. With analogue and digital capability, you have the freedom to migrate to the latest technology at your own pace.

Analogue only - Purchase analogue capability now and transition to digital capability when you’re ready. All you will need is a simple software upgrade.

Transmit Interrupt Capability (decode only) - Enables a supervisor to interrupt a DM1600 conversation to deliver critical communication exactly when and where it’s needed.

Compatible with Radio Management Suite - Programme your radios quickly and efficiently, with the Radio Management tool. Radios can be programmed in batches to a standardized template, giving error-free results and optimized performance.

Dual Capacity Direct Mode - Utilize the power of the 2-slot TDMA DMR standard to double the capacity of your 12.5 kHz channel—without the need for a repeater.

IP54 Rated - Dustproof and splashproof, so you can work with confidence in challenging environments.