Thuraya XT-PRO

The world’s most advanced satellite phone

The Thuraya XT-PRO is the first satellite phone with built-in GPS, BeiDou and Glonass capability for highest flexibility in all regions. It has the biggest display on any satellite phone and comes with hardened Gorilla® glass for harsh environments.

Product number
Thuraya-XT-PRO 



Selectable Navigation Systems
With XT-PRO, you can choose your preferred navigation system and select between GPS, BeiDou and Glonass for highest accuracy and added security in every region.

Longest talk-time on any satellite phone 
Thuraya’s XT-PRO offers a talk-time of up to 9 hours and has a standby time of up to 100 hours providing you with reliable and robust communications wherever you need it.

Glare resistant Gorilla® glass display 
The XT-PRO satellite phone is designed for the harshest of environments. It is built with toughened glass and with a customized outdoor display for easy visibility even in direct sunlight.

Dedicated SOS button 
For those who find themselves in times of distress, the XT-PRO features an easy to use dedicated SOS button which can be used even when the satellite phone is switched off. All you have to do is press and hold the SOS button for 3 seconds. This will start the phone and sends an alert (a call and/or an SMS) to any pre-programmed number.

Compact and rugged design 
Small enough to fit in your pocket, the Thuraya XT-PRO is jet water and dust resistant as well as shock proof.

Calls, SMS, fax and internet connectivity 
With the XT-PRO satellite phone, you can make calls, send SMS and fax messages. What’s more, you can connect your laptop or PC to access the internet in satellite mode whenever terrestrial networks are unavailable.

Supported by the most robust and powerful satellite network
Thuraya’s system is renowned for having the most reliable satellite network and the advanced omni-directional antenna of the Thuraya XT-PRO ensures an uninterrupted signal when walking or moving, offering full walk-and-talk capability. The Thuraya XT-PRO also enables you to receive a call notification even if your satellite signal is too weak to receive the call itself. This is particularly useful when the Thuraya XT-PRO is in your pocket with the antenna stowed, keeping you connected at all times. Thuraya’s reliable satellite network and the XT-PRO’s advanced omni-directional antenna provides an uninterrupted signal when you’re on the move. So wherever your business operations take you, you’ll be glad to know you have full walk-and-talk capability at your fingertips. The Thuraya XT-PRO also provides you with a call notification even when the satellite signal is too weak for you to receive the call itself. This is particularly useful when the XT-PRO is in your pocket and the antenna is stowed. We keep you connected at all times.

Additional features
For convenience, we’ve added additional features to your satellite phone. These include: a speakerphone, an address book, alarms, a calculator, a calendar, call logs, conference calls, contact groups, speed dialing, a stopwatch, world times and much more.
