Motorola DP4801Ex Ma/M1 ATEX Portable Two-Way Radio

Threats from explosive gas or combustible dust, on an oil rig or in an underground mine, your workers confront them daily. Safe, reliable communication is absolutely critical in such dangerous environments. That's where the power and performance of MOTOTRBO digital radio stands out.

The fully-featured DP4801 Ex Ma ATEX certified portable radio delivers unrivalled voice and data communications with text messaging, full-colour display with day/night mode to make reading text messages easier and best-in-class audio that includes Intelligent Audio and customizable voice announcements.

Available in UHF and VHF frequency bands, the DP4801 Ex Ma features a 5-line display, full keypad, up to 1,000 channel capacity, five programmable buttons, emergency button, man down and lone worker functions and IP67 rating for submersibility.
Large, Full-colour Display - Features a 5-line colour display with a flexible menu-driven interface. Icons and large easy-to-use navigation buttons ease message reading and menu navigation.

Day/Night Mode on Display - This display has improved resolution for easier viewing even in broad daylight. It also also features a night mode that makes the screen easier to read in dark environments.

Best-in-class Audio - Loud front-facing speaker and Intelligent Audio feature automatically adjusts the radio volume according to the environment’s noise level.

Text Messaging - Use text messaging when discretion is required or routine communication needs to be delivered without interrupting workers or guests.

Integrated GPS - Locate mobile work teams using integrated GPS.

Emergency Button - Orange button on the top of the radio can be programmed to send an alert to a supervisor or dispatcher during an emergency situation.

Security - Three levels of scrambling or encryption built-in for increased security: 16-bit Basic Privacy, 40-bit Enhanced Privacy or 256-bit AES256 encryption

Transmit Interrupt - Enables a user to interrupt another radio conversation to deliver critical communication exactly when and where it’s needed.

IP Site Connect - A digital solution that uses the internet to extend the voice and data capabilities of MOTOTRBO. Use it to link up to 15 sites for communication among geographically dispersed locations, to create wide area coverage or enhance coverage at a single site with physical barriers.

Capacity Plus - Single-site digital trunking system that maximizes the capacity of your MOTOTRBO system. Use it to enable a high volume of voice and data communication for over a thousand users at a single site without adding new frequencies.

Linked Capacity Plus - Linked Capacity Plus is a multi-site digital trunking system configuration for the MOTOTRBO platform. It leverages the high capacity of Capacity Plus, with the wide area coverage capabilities of IP Site Connect to keep your staff at various locations connected with an affordable high capacity, wide area trunking solution.

Rugged, Reliable Design - Tightly sealed against wind and dust, and submersible in up to one meter of water for 30 minutes (IP67).

Productivity-enhancing Data Applications - Features the industry’s largest Application Developer Programme to enable a wide variety of customized applications including: location tracking, email gateways, dispatch, telephony, man-down and work order ticket management.

ATEX/IEC EX Cerified - Certified to the highest level for use in potentially explosive environments