WAVE PTX RADIO TLK 110
Bridge communication gaps across your organisation on a network that won’t limit your range.


With the TLK 110, you can confidently communicate with clarity. The TLK 110 uses AI backed noise suppression to eliminate background noise in loud or busy environments such as construction sites, warehouses or even on the road. In addition to filtering out background noise, the TLK 110 delivers loud, clear, high quality audio with its integrated full range speaker. 

TLK 110 can place calls over your pre-existing 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi networks, providing reliability and flexibility, no matter the environment. 

 


COMMUNICATION WITHOUT LIMITS
No need to worry about range limitations; with the TLK 110, push-to-talk (PTT) communications take place over 3G, 4G LTE or Wi-Fi via WAVE PTX, so you can go wherever your network takes you. Contact work partners wherever they are with high-quality, advanced audio features, and communicate more easily with hands-free VOX PTT. The TLK 110’s feature set enables communication without limits, so you can get the job done.

 

DESIGNED FOR YOU, BUILT TO LAST
Strengthen worker safety with the TLK 110’s dedicated emergency button, Lone Worker and Man Down/Fall Alert features. And, keep your workforce informed with the TLK 110’s display, created to provide essential information while eliminating distractions. With an IP67 rating and MIL-STD 810H certification, the TLK 110 is waterproof and dust tight, so you won’t have to worry about your devices breaking in tough environments.

 

DEVICES MANAGED WITH EASE
The TLK 110 is easy to use, easy to deploy and even easier to manage. With the WAVE PTX administration portal, device management and updates can be remotely coordinated across workforces without needing to physically recall the devices. Seamlessly integrate the TLK 110 into your WAVE PTX system, and your teams will be able to communicate with others using TLK devices, the WAVE PTX Mobile application on smartphones, and even with MOTOTRBO devices.

 

INTUITIVE AND INTEROPERABLE
Bridge device gaps across your workforce with the TLK 110, a WAVE PTX device that communicates with smartphones, MOTOTRBO two-way radios and other TLK devices. Increase your communications coverage without having to expand or reconfigure your infrastructure.
