Motorola SL1600 Ultra-Slim Two-Way Radio
MOTOTRBO™ SL1600 provides reliable push-to-talk communication for the mobile, everyday user in an ultra-slim and rugged profile. Whether you're working in the field or at a black-tie event, the SL1600 is boldly designed to keep you efficiently connected.

Measuring only 22mm thick, the SL1600 is ultra-portable. A stubby antenna, curved edges and rugged frame make the SL1600 the perfect work partner. It can be easily carried in pockets or bags without snagging or bulging.

Designed for easy and intuitive use, the SL1600 has a side volume control, dedicated power button, prominent push-to-talk button, and top toggle channel switch to enable quick one-hand access. Channel “fast toggle” allows users to scroll through 10 channels at a time.

Product number
SL1600 


Ultra-Slim - Measuring only 22mm thick, the SL1600 redefines portability. It can be carried easily in a pocket or bag without catching or bulging.

Simple Operation - The SL1600 features a separate power button, top channel toggle switch, side volume control buttons, and prominent push-to-talk button to support one-hand radio operation.

Dual Capacity Direct Mode - Utilize the power of the 2-slot TDMA DMR standard to double the capacity of your 12.5 kHz channel—without the need for a repeater.

Voice Announcement - Audible prompts confirm operations on your radio, allowing you to keep your eyes on the job.

MicroUSB Connectivity - Efficient charging and easy programming.

Active View Display - Shatterproof Active View display uses hidden LED lighting to communicate channel, radio, and volume information crisply in both daytime and nighttime situations.

Analog/Digital - The SL1600 features a separate power button, top channel toggle switch, side volume control buttons, and prominent push-to-talk button to support one-hand radio operation.

IP54 Rated - Rugged and reliable, the SL1600 is splashproof and dustproof for use in harsh environments.

Range Max Receiver - An advanced radio design and patented antenna which delivers enhanced range while maintaining a slim profile and long battery life.

Comprehensive accessory portfolio - Innovative carry options, earpieces and charging stations allow you to get maximum efficiency from your SL1600
