Motorola - MOTOTRBO Systems
No matter how large or small your organisation is, MOTOTRBO offers a wide range of systems specifically designed for your business. The systems are easily scalable and you can easily expand your system as your needs evolve.  You get the best of two-way radio with digital technology and enjoy integrated voice and data communication, increased capacity, enhanced features and exceptional voice quality.


Single Site Conventional
A conventional system can operate with direct radio-to-radio communications or radios can communicate via repeater, giving better coverage.

The Digital Voting option allows a network of repeaters to be interconnected to offer even greater coverage for wide areas and difficult geographies.


IP Site Connect
Use your IP network to extend the voice and data capabilities of MOTOTRBO by linking repeaters together. You can create a continuous network that covers employees at 15 geographically-dispersed locations.

You can also link up to 15 sites to create wide area coverage or enhance coverage at a single site that has physical barriers.


Capacity Plus
This single site digital trunking system maximizes the capacity of MOTOTRBO by connecting several repeaters together. You can use it for a high volume of voice and data communication and link over a thousand users at a single site.


Linked Capacity Plus
Expand the capacity and extend the coverage of MOTOTRBO with this multi-site, digital trunking system. It leverages the call management of Capacity Plus with the wide area coverage capabilities of IP Site Connect to keep employees at many locations affordably connected.


Connect Plus
Unify your entire enterprise with this scalable, multi-site digital trunking system that coordinates resources using a dedicated control channel. Calls can be queued during busy times until an open channel is available but important users can be assigned priority status. A three-level check helps to prevent unauthorized users from accessing the system.


Capacity Max
Capacity MAX is the next generation trunking solution with increased capacity and scalability, enhanced performance, improved management and DMR Tier III Mode of Operation. The Capacity Max architecture enables instant, reliable voice and data communications, better decision-making and seamless coordination across a single campus or a large-scale operation. Supporting up to 15 sites with up to 3,000 users per site, it’s easy for you to grow and change your system as your needs evolve. 

Powerful management tools give you complete control over the system – all from a single workstation.
