Motorola DM2600 Digital Mobile Two-Way Radio 
The power of digital communications is now within reach. MOTOTRBO DM2600 mobile radios are compact and capable so workers can stay connected, whether they are picking up cargo or transporting passengers. As part of the MOTOTRBO family of radios, the DM2600 delivers the best in digital radio technology, with features like integrated voice systems capability, twice the calling capacity, and clearer voice communications. With its Intelligent Audio feature, drivers don’t need to adjust their radio volume to avoid missing a call, as the radio monitors background noise and automatically adjusts itself.

For those operating on analogue, the DM2600 lets you migrate to digital at your own pace and budget, with simple scalability to add functions and features. This radio is also compatible with advanced MOTOTRBO business-essential features, such as Transmit Interrupt to prioritize critical communication.

For affordable digital voice systems capability, the MOTOTRBO DM2600 gets the job done with clarity and ease.
Key Features


Alphanumeric Display - View information such as caller ID, channel number and contacts on a clear, high-contrast alphanumeric display.

Analogue/Digital - Get all the benefits of digital, including better voice quality, better range and better battery life—but retain compatibility with your existing radio fleet. With analogue and digital capability, you have the freedom to migrate to the latest technology at your own pace.

Transmit Interrupt Capability - Enables a user to interrupt another radio conversation to deliver critical communication exactly when and where it’s needed.

Compatible with Radio Management Suite - Programme your radios quickly and efficiently, with the Radio Management tool. Radios can be programmed in batches to a standardized template, giving error-free results and optimized performance.

Over the Air Programming (OTAP) – Manages, writes and reads up to 5,000 radio configurations over the air.

Intelligent Audio – Radio volume automatically adjusts to compensate for background noise so workers don’t have to adjust their radio volume to avoid missing a call in loud situations or disturbing others when they move into quiet places.

Enhanced Privacy - Built-in encryption for increased security.

IMPRES Audio - Whether it’s a whisper during a covert operation in a dark alley or commanding a noisy fire scene, IMPRES audio accessories are loud, clear and intelligible in both analogue and digital modes.

Systems Capability - Experience the far-reaching coverage of MOTOTRBO. IP Site Connect uses IP networks to extend the system to create wide-area coverage. Capacity Plus single-site trunking expands capacity to over 1000 users and Linked Capacity Plus combines both to give a wide area, high capacity trunked network.

IP54 Rated – Protects your radio from driving rain.