Thuraya IP+

Work - Email - Surf - Skype - Facebook - Anywhere 

When you need superior mobility with zero compromise on connectivity, there can only be one choice: Thuraya IP+. The lightest, fastest satellite broadband terminal in its class, Thuraya IP+ can be deployed from backpack to broadband in a matter of seconds, providing reliable broadband access within locations covered by Thuraya’s congestion-free satellite network.

Product number
Thuraya IP+ 



Compact and lightweight
Smaller than the size of a regular laptop and weighing only 1.4 kg, Thuraya IP+ is one of the most compact and portable broadband terminals available in the market - allowing users to achieve optimum performance without an external antenna. The plug-andplay features of Thuraya IP+ further ensure a hassle-free experience, wherever your mission takes you.

Durable and dependable
Thuraya IP+ casing holds an IP55 Ingress Protection Rating – a globally recognized standard from the International Electrotechnical Commission – which provides protection from dirt, dust, water, oil and other non-corrosive materials to withstand the harshest environments.

High-speed streaming capabilities
Boasting speeds of up to 444kbps on standard IP and 384kbps on streaming IP with an integrated antenna, Thuraya IP+ provides the fastest IP speeds for a satellite broadband terminal of its size to support bandwidth-intensive applications.

Optimized bandwidth usage
Thuraya IP+ can be configured with asymmetric streaming to allow you to set upload and download speeds at different rates based on your usage requirements, helping to significantly reduce bandwidth costs. With Thuraya IP+, users have the flexibility to address ondemand consumption, such as utilizing a higher bandwidth to facilitate remote reporting.

Congestion-free network
Our satellite network’s dynamic resource allocation minimizes any signal congestion in areas where there are high volumes of communication traffic, ensuring that you stay connected when it matters most.

Unlimited data usage plan
With the unlimited data usage plan, users can conduct video conferences, file transfers and other high-bandwidth applications at a fixed monthly rate.
