Motorola MTP3500 & MTP3550 portable TETRA radios

MTP3500 and MTP3550, the radios for users who require Man Down, End-to-End Encryption and Vibrate Alert with full or limited keypad. The radios have been built to the highest quality levels and exceeds all 11 categories in the MIL-810 standard.

MTP3500
MTP3550 (full keypad)

Product number
Motorola MTP3500 & MTP3550


Key features
The feature rich MTP3500 and MTP3550, including GPS provides a complete package for TETRA service, coupled with the addition of a full keypad. Additional versatility is provided by Bluetooth connectivity for accessories and collaborative devices. This TETRA radios is optimised for excellent audio performance and durability for use in all types of noisy and demanding situations where user safety is paramount. This terminal incorporates a new side connector for increased ruggedness. Providing higher power will increase range and in-building performance, and so Motorola has added Class 3L (1.8W) power output option. Taken together with high receive sensitivity, the  MTP3500 and MTP3550 have the capability for maintaining communications in the most demanding situations.


Simple but Powerful User Interface
To minimise staff training costs, MTP3500 and MTP3550 leverages an instantly familiar cellular phone style user interface. It also includes a display which can supports 26,200k vivid colours and large scalable fonts. Usability is further enhanced through a customisable menu and full numeric keypad that combine to make device interaction fast and intuitive.


Unified Communications, Integrated Safety

    Trunked and conventional operation modes
    Full duplex PABX and PSTN interconnection
    Personnel safety and emergency call features
    Optional integrated GPS for personnel tracking


Productivity-enhancing Data Applications
Features the industry's largest application developer program that offers customized data applications tailored to your business needs: location tracking, work order ticket management, dispatch, and telephony.


One Device for all Critical Communications
The MTP3500 and MTP3550 radios takes advantage of all the benefits of TETRA digital technology to drive workforce productivity and safety. These include exceptional audio quality with full duplex voice services, PABX and PSTN interconnection, individual and group calls, priority and emergency calls, Short Data Services and Localisation Services. The radios also benefits from the inherent protection of TETRA digital signalling. Coupled with the Mutual Authentication feature the MTP3500 and MTP3550 provide a secure communications platform. It goes without saying that Motorola radios are designed for reliability and support, no matter how critical the mission.


High Performance, Built to Last

    Rugged and designed for optimum reliability in harsh conditions
    Superior audio quality for the most demanding environments
    Comprehensive range of accessories to provide a tailored solution
    Optimised user interface
    Remote programming facility for cost effective radio terminal management
    High Audio power, matched to clarity and usablity
    High resolution colour display
    Built to meet the challenges of fireground, riots and tea breaks.
    IP55, IP66 and IP67
    Maintaining contact over longer ranges, and in buildings.


Share Information
Instantly with Bluetooth Data
Connect wirelessly to Bluetooth data devices making it easy to share information real-time.
