VB-400 body-worn camera
Rugged quality - High performance - Multiple ways to connect

The VB400 is the next generation of body-worn camera technology and deliveres the features you need to take control of every situation.

The VB400 is built to protect your team and prove their professionalism. With full shift recording, pre / post-recording capabilities and multiple ways to connect.

With multiple ways to connect, the VB400 helps you improve efficiency, coordinate a smarter response and protect the front-line.

- Live streaming
- Peer-assisted recording
- Bluetooth sensor monitoring
- Connect to the VB400 companion app*
(*Requires Companion App licence and Android device)

High quality video

Full 1080p HD ensures the VB400 accurately captures events from the wearer’s viewpoint.
The camera is equipped the VB400 with a wide-angle, 1080p HD lens.
Designed to capture high-quality video from the wearer’s viewpoint, the VB400 delivers transparency, protects people and proves professionalism.
 
CAPTURE THE BIGGER PICTURE WITH PRE / POST-RECORD

Capturing unexpected interactions can mean the difference between conviction and acquittal. Pre / post-record captures a continuous loop of audio and video before the moment the camera starts recording. Combining Bluetooth sensors with peer-assisted recording, the VB400 captures the bigger picture without the need to press record.

The VB400 records up to 12 hours on a single charge. Shift-long recording means better protection for lone-workers, or staff working in hostile environments. 
 
RUGGED AND INTUITIVE DESIGN

The toughened exterior of the VB400 resists rain, snow and dust. Tested to military standards, the result is a body-worn camera that works when you need it. The large central button and robust side switch are positioned for easy operation, even when wearing gloves.
 
CONNECTED FOR A SMARTER RESPONSE

Bluetooth and Wi-Fi deliver a powerful mix of capabilities. Live streaming connects your team to the control room, enhancing situational awareness. Integrated with Bluetooth sensors and beacons, automated recording functionality empowers your team to respond quickly in the moments that matter. 
