MOTOTRBO Ion Smart Radio
ALWAYS ON

MOTOTRBO ION is Motorola Solutions' first business-ready communication device with always-on voice and broadband data capabilities.

It brings together renowned PTT performance, an open app ecosystem on the Android platform, and access to Motorola Solutions' unified technology ecosystem — from video security and analytics solutions, to best-in-class network security, to powerful new software and technology services like smart virtual assistants

 

Apps are on
Full multimedia capabilities on an Android platform with an open app ecosystem. An intuitive touchscreen lets you view high resolution images, and an integrated camera lets you send — even stream — photos and videos.

Dependability is on
Designed for dependability and ease of use, in any environment. Pristine audio quality lets you hear and be heard when it matters most. And ultra-strong materials — including a rugged touchscreen — are used inside and out for outstanding impact resilience.

Connectivity is on
Built to keep your workforce connected anywhere you do business. You can seamlessly communicate through voice and data, over public and private networks. And our Auto Network Switch feature automatically switches you to broadband when you roam beyond your smart radio system coverage, so your connectivity is always on when you need it (available with software release 2.0).

Uptime is on
A revolutionary ownership experience lets you deploy your smart radios faster and keep them in the field longer. With cloud-based configuration and provisioning, remote updates, and real-time device monitoring, you can deploy and maintain your radio fleet with minimal touch and downtime. Your IT team can spend less time managing devices, and your workforce can spend more time on-task.

Security is on
Stay safe from cyber threats. A defence-in-depth approach provides multiple layers of security to help prevent unauthorised device access and malicious activity, and to safeguard your critical data.
